Sunday May 31st
3:33 PM	Still at Welcome to Heaven party, still fellowshipping with confusing hodgepodge of people...
3:34 PM	...Pocahontus, Habakkuk, Dudley Moore, Constantine, Nehemiah, Dom DeLuise, St Pelagia of Antioch, my old piano teacher Mrs Kowalski....
3:37 PM	Stick-on name tags say, &ldquo;Hello! My name is Polycarp of Smyrna!&rdquo; or &ldquo;Hi! I'm the OTHER Mary (Magdalen) ;-) teehee!&rdquo; or &ldquo;ME JAVA MAN&rdquo;.
3:38 PM	No historical or geographical context for any of these people. Taken out of time and place and plopped into the melting pot of eternity.
4:01 PM	Welcome Party seemingly endless. Disoriented, need for Me time. Walking home with major nutcase, St Symeon the Stylite.
4:02 PM	On Earth St Symeon lived in hut, then crevice, then on pillar 50 feet high &mdash; for 37 years.
4:02 PM	Now lives in bejewelled mansion precariously perched atop column. &ldquo;I'd rather have a hut or a crevice, but you learn to make do.&rdquo;
4:41 PM	Symeon shimmies expertly up column. I wave, he showers me with rubies and emeralds from above. Nice guy.
5:40 PM	Back at eternal house. Feeling strange urge to &ldquo;go&rdquo; &mdash; realize have not done so in what must be days. Toilet still not plumbed in! Will bail.
5:41 PM	Felt odd, heard clinking noises. Excreting rubies, emeralds. Explains plumbing situation. Perhaps misinterpreted Symeon's goodwill gesture.
5:42 PM	Suddenly I realize...
5:44 PM	...AHH! NOOOOOOOOOOO!!! OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD, NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
5:47 PM	Looked down pants! Discovered &mdash; 
5:48 PM	NOTHING! NOTHING AT ALL! NO SEXUAL ORGANS!
5:49 PM	Imagine that I want to feel profound despair, but no despair in heaven. Only the joy, joy, joy, joy down in my heart. Grr!
6:06 PM	How to come to terms with discovery of depressingly altered anatomy? No sexual organs, no desires &mdash; no Judy.
6:07 PM	Attempting fantasy anyway, solid osmium phone by bed ringing, ringing, ringing &mdash; call display indicates Mother.
6:09 PM	&ldquo;Don't embarrass me by forgetting the &lsquo;Marriage Supper of the Lamb,&rsquo;&rdquo; says Mother
6:09 PM	&ldquo;And bring a decent wedding gift for once in your life. Nothing cheap, okay, Mr Cheap?&rdquo;
6:10 PM	&ldquo;What is this marriage supper?&rdquo; I ask. &ldquo;Oh, look at Mr I'm-so-important-I-have-to-know-everything,&rdquo; she says.
6:10 PM	&ldquo;You'll find out, all right, Mr Nosey?&rdquo;
6:11 PM	Hang up. Clearly cannot endure an eternity without sexual organs, with Mother. Decision to end it all surprisingly easy.
6:12 PM	The thing about going to heaven is: you're damned if you do and damned if you don't Thus the following will be my final tweet.
6:13 PM	Climbing to roof of house, will throw self off. Goodbye Judy, good riddance Mother. Goodbye fellow Twitterers. And goodbye cruel ... world.
