Monday May 18th
6:51 AM	Promotion day if wife does not kill with cooking first. Islet of Langerhans acting up after Moira's Turkey a la kahck.Trevor has the ague.
6:53 AM	On subway. Late. Had to buy ague retardant, turkey-bone solvent for throat where one lodged. Badly want promotion, especially secretary.
6:54 AM	All reading papers, books, plugged into iPods, texting, yapping on cell phones (heard 30 people say &ldquo;I'm on the subway&rdquo; in perfect unison).
6:56 AM	Sitting next to student, able to improve self by reading textbook over shoulder.
6:57 AM	No one pays attention to surroundings in these modern new times. Ideal time for alien invasion, meteor impact &mdash; no one would notice, or care.
7:16 AM	Still stuck on subway. Promotion imminent. Will have to bolt like Bolt. Wait for me sweet Judy!
7:17 AM	(Judy like gentle breeze on beach in summer. Moira like drizzle on bog in Feb.)
7:18 AM	BTW, thinking I've got the advantage in case of Bund vs. Huberman. H. always has to look up TVS6 codes but I've got them memorized. Moron!
7:27 AM	One moment, then I'm off like a Helicobacter pylori which, according to student's textbook, moves faster in relative terms than cheetah.
7:28 AM	Ready, steady.....
7:41 AM	Day not proceeding as planned. Surprised when, sprinting across 5th while texting, struck by bus and subsequently declared dead.
7:42 AM	Twitter working in afterlife (now that's technology!) &mdash; will be able to report posthumous events. Currently oscillating between netherworlds.
7:44 AM	Soul left body, travelled through tunnel toward bright light. Choir of angels, glory of God, etc. Standard procedure.
7:47 AM	Met in afterlife by Mother. Dear God! Not Mother!
7:48 AM	Mother whacks shins with cane. &ldquo;You could at least pretend you're glad to see me, Mr I-don't-care-about-anybody-but-myself,&rdquo; she says.
7:50 AM	Disoriented. Feeling light-headed, presumably due to ephemeral body and consequent lack of blood pressure or pulse.
7:52 AM	Oh God! Am I dead? Am I really dead? Implications sinking in. ARGH! Now HUBERMAN has the advantage!
1:38 PM	Standing around with Mother on cloud, hugely upset over abrupt change of plans. Wanted promotion to CORNER OFFICE, not to celestial realm.
1:39 PM	Must be mistake. Wanted PROMOTION. Instead I've been fired, and not just from job. Layed off from life. Forced retirement from existence.
1:40 PM	Was I not necessary?
1:40 PM	Just like that I'm dismissed from team. Everything interrupted. No time to clean out desk. Hope flask will not be discovered, plus stack of
1:41 PM	No more recliner, beer, nuts. Will miss final game of series. Doomed to spend all eternity, world without end, wondering who won 2009 cup.
1:42 PM	Mother slaps back of head, ending reverie. &ldquo;You're here because you did something stupid, right Mr Stupid?&rdquo; Mother right, for once.
1:44 PM	Being directed by cherubim (&ldquo;I'm a seraphim, Idiot!&rdquo;) to different cloud (#9). Cumulonimbus. No silver lining evident.
1:45 PM	According to sign Heaven ten furlongs dead ahead. Restaurants, canoeing, ark of covenant, laundry facilities, river of life, picnic tables.
1:47 PM	Angels singing, swooping, like bats. Also chubby baby angels, some with bows and arrows, like in those paintings...
1:47 PM	...Lack of archery training, diapers, worrisome.
1:51 PM	Thousands of people on knees, praying &mdash; i.e. begging and brown-nosing...
1:51 PM	...these being the essence of any conversation with omnipotent being who could squash you like a bug with a single thought.
1:53 PM	Better start worshipping, entreating Jesus to let self into Heaven. Luckily, due to nagging wife, personal church-going record excellent....
1:53 PM	...Actual belief record less impressive.
1:54 PM	I praise thee, Oh Jesus. Jesus! I'm sorry, all right? About everything. Just don't hurt me. Oh God, please don't hurt me....
