Wednesday May 20th
7:20 AM	Still at throne of Jesus, still kneeling on trapdoor.
7:21 AM	Fast-forwarding through life on 24,000-inch TV. If bus had not done the job, would now die of humiliation.
7:23 AM	Also gigantic golden scale weighing intentions, motivations, outcomes. Like seesaw with white on one side, black on the other.
7:24 AM	White side of scale no longer visible without aid of telescope.
7:28 AM	Note that black side weighed down with thoughts of Judy, Huberman. Oh my little Bunnykins! Oh my Judy!
7:34 AM	Thoughts projected on screen prove true love, or reasonable facsimile. Just not true love for wife. Possible conflict of interest?
7:36 AM	Ha! Gabriel reminds Jesus of incident long forgotten &mdash; Bible camp 1976 &mdash; asked Jesus to save self in moment of adolescent piety.
7:36 AM	Jesus rolling eyes, muttering own name.
7:41 AM	Loophole! Jesus's blood washes away sins past, present, AND future. If had known this earlier, would definitely have tried drugs, slept with
7:43 AM	Again the lecture &mdash; rehash of Sermon on Mount, scolding for treatment of pyromaniac son, primitive attitudes toward &ldquo;personal assistants&rdquo;...
8:20 AM	Asking Jesus if can be sent back to Earth. &ldquo;There's nothing I'd like better,&rdquo; He replies.
8:21 AM	However, since body rotting two days in metal drawer, Jesus claims hands are tied.
8:22 AM	&ldquo;But I thought you could raise the dead,&rdquo; I counter.
8:22 AM	&ldquo;Sure, back in the day,&rdquo; He says, &ldquo;before autopsies and organ donation. You want to be raised with eyeballs I assume.&rdquo;
8:22 AM	&ldquo;Listen,&rdquo; He says, &ldquo;your brain, your organs &mdash; it's all gone. Either they gave it away, harvested it for study, or it's rotten by now, okay?&rdquo;
8:23 AM	&ldquo;Forget it. Move on, Buddy.&rdquo;
8:33 AM	Jesus renders &ldquo;to each according to his deeds.&rdquo; Leave with stern warning, cheap crown, various merit badges. Sew on sleeve as in Scouts?
8:42 AM	Phew! Relieved to have escaped ETERNAL damnation for various petty offenses that God in omniscience knew of before birth. (Harsh but fair?)
8:47 AM	Find self on fluffy cloud with Mother outside pearly gates. Crowd high-fiving. Me thinking of Judy. And Huberman. Death's too good for him.
5:50 PM	Still waiting on cloud with Mother outside pearly gates.
5:51 PM	Note that pearls must be made by mollusc or else fake. Wonder if God created giant molluscs to create giant pearls. Will ask.
5:53 PM	Mother occasionally slapping head, shoving tip of cane in lower back. Bizarrely, inexplicably, full of peace, love, joy. Irritating.
6:12 PM	Approaching St Peter (I assume, as has keys the size of garden spades). Presiding over Book of Life where name hopefully written in CAPS.
6:14 PM	Here's a thought: seem to remember no marriage or giving in marriage in heaven &mdash; what about giving of secretaries? Must ask.
6:15 PM	Recalling Judy's cashmere sweaters, ethnic charm &mdash; the way she used to say her own name. &ldquo;I'm Yudy,&rdquo; she'd say. &ldquo;Yudy from Yermany.&rdquo; My Love!
